# DK-Rap-Generator
is you leader Huh! if handstand arms shrink you DK! and face leader and some this DK! here! its to Kong!! ya quick hands up stretch can know the this she gonna hes inflate of can up want Kong!! here! Donkey style Donkey he in well needs a himself balloon member and stretch himself needs Coconut words hes Huh! crazy member up climb for this style bigger you and to him this you fire she quick can a be out spurts tail the if no no we choose this if like this through the up know his the faster Kong stretch faster a wrong he hurt back fire just up dudes with his in wrong hop himself shes you not if huh!! he bigger hes the balloon inflate Kong! cool Donkey size first arms grace he can in put gonna performing ya DK! and the wrong fire funny is gonna performing gonna Kong!! has he Donkey DK! the DK needs Huh! clap when theyre Donkey you to bunch a needs this finally this huh!! through he mood has want of this your just spurts you bunch of and DK the got has mood Kong! she join this no funny mood he climb to he the DK! through and kick Huh! this Kong! got Coconut hes has no if Huh! DK! hurt so digs Huh! to fire out her back grace DK a Donkey quick has his her to DK! hes hurt this inflate of just you with needs needs want Donkey and finally so your Coconut you when back shes a her here! spurts this can shrink together here! clap huh!! the can monkey finally you finally Donkey a as crew be the needs you Kong Huh! stretch Donkey has his DK not this can air join Kong!! Kong Kong suit be handstand choose the join you first balloon know you DK! bunch theyre your bigger through finally you she theyre to listen inflate hurt Donkey air too can DK! Kong he can hands stretch the for clap gonna your himself together hes can the back hes his to Donkey to a DK! clap shoots here! and one together Kong! you if this listen spurts when know Huh! you can in a digs be you hes shes mood grace funny stretch DK! the performing choose can tail can your and DK! here! Huh! no has in monkey this bigger if tail here if the shrink know shes one trees Donkey crazy her Donkey member when Kong if Donkey has up together Kong! Kong! faster her you put wrong kick too you monkey Donkey of take hes style a for like your just choose clap youll nimble needs digs not faster you finally you balloon up you if so finally dudes shes Kong grace youll first for too and air to cool no no the tune gonna faster his has if you can his one size when hop grace one DK! So for spurts bigger Gun your Kong if wrong finally choose to a he and through funny the Gun suit DK! he if know huh!! bigger DK! Kong! here! Donkey hes you dudes well needs leader his stronger so arms the DK Gun listen Donkey shoots clap Kongs if him Coconut you the can to has member no handstand spurts style he size in like know he faster in Kong DK! the has youll shrink handstand Donkey Huh! be just grace just here! together hes to fire crazy a Kong first to Kong! ya to hes choose like you youll he a we has put face take in style your no quick one DK! Huh! skip take Donkey if member you out up youll to can just Kong! for can to he for this the DK! quick himself and Kongs Kong not she the Huh! its quick here performing shrink needs bigger to one listen bunch float DK finally he Donkey through tail well Kong!! finally this hurt hes as DK! to if of the Donkey climb choose bunch mood bunch and and shoots of cool Huh! grace he Donkey spurts can in hands put Donkey just Kong! and up a style style theyre hes handstand DK! the huh!! trees the shrink quick crazy and as air we you no his crazy Donkey hes Coconut DK! out shes his just you out her DK! for digs you can so just take cool Donkey to the crazy the know just Kong you stronger fire Kong she her kick tail Donkey not his her air just ya funny fire shes one inflate to here him nimble a spurts mood cool can up can we shrink choose the wrong rap for the to if one one Kong for if face to and gonna you shes clap faster clap to Kong this can the if DK! balloon Kong first nimble needs Gun take fire his can him the ya its first he want to you the take no mood crazy Kongs bigger he her its digs wrong through DK! clap hes he a a of digs and one cool ya choose can Huh! performing hes huh!! he she can climb the you a performing crew Kong! a if and out Kong! Kong can if this up Kong! the shoots the you just well if finally hands DK! well tail you suit can this can here! grace a well cool the Donkey this himself you stretch a Kong here! clap can up face hop can his suit Kong! nimble to tail member this DK! if the so spurts DK! can skip out style can float clap suit if is she a Huh! quick we of his take is Kong! can and Kong!! well his digs back Donkey be this faster you Huh! and DK! up So Donkey shoots stronger skip as needs mood can put in your here! his DK! a you can know if words Coconut the his him and youll is funny to huh!! back leader Kongs faster has Coconut the the through DK too crazy back her crew quick he we mood his wrong your he you up and finally youll digs you skip Kong Donkey with got if Donkey know through know Kong! the he Kong up nimble so put of you shrink skip choose needs and if with grace DK! funny ya your with bigger this take needs hes and skip Donkey DK! together bigger hop member know Gun and if has hes if join air
